The frontend of FlutterPromo comprises a user-friendly interface built using the Flutter framework. It offers seamless navigation and intuitive controls for users to interact with the application. Through the frontend, users can effortlessly register for accounts and redeem promo codes during the registration process. The interface provides real-time feedback on code validation and application, ensuring a smooth user experience.
Open pubspec.yaml file and add this dependencies:
dependencies:
  flutter:
  sdk: flutter
  velocity_x:
  http:
  shared_preferences:
  jwt_decoder:
  flutter_slidable:

  applogo.dart - 
Here I have create a common page to show a app logo wherever required.

 config.dart -
In config file, I have Listed all the url that point to nodejs backend API.

main.dart -
From main page, user will get navigated to respective page depending on the state of an app. Here If user has login into the app I have stored the user login details inside a token variable which is been stored in sharedPreferences. The Token is been generated by our backend using JWT token which contain expire time. So here if token don’t exist then it means that the user is new and yet to login so we simply navigate the user to login page.If Token Exist, It will have a Expire time we make use of JWT decoder to decode the token and check if it is expired or not, then if the token is expired then navigate the user to login page else if token is not expired and still valid then navigate the user to dashboad page.

registration.dart -
In registration page, user will be able to create his account into flutter todo app and register himself. Here he has to fill his email & password to create his account.

loginPage.dart -
Once the user create his account then he can make use of his email & password to login into the todo flutter application. If the login detail entered by user is correct then the user get navigated to dashboard page.

dashboard.dart -
Once the user successfully get login into flutter todo list app, From the dashboard page he will be able to perform 3 task i.e. add todo, delete todo item, and get all the todo data.
